docs(color-picker): add Color Picker component docs (#2096)
liferay/clay: next.clayui.com/content/docs/components/color-picker.mdx

---
title: "Color Picker"
description: "Color picker lets users select a color from a predefined palette, specify a color via its hexadecimal value, sample a color, and explore color values to create a custom color variation."
packageNpm: "@clayui/color-picker"
packageVersion: "3.0.0"
packageStatus: "Beta"
---

import {ColorPicker} from '../../../src/components/clay/ColorPicker';

<div class="nav-toc">

- [API](#api)

</div>

<div class="clay-site-alert alert alert-info">
	Check the <a href="https://liferay.design/lexicon">Lexicon</a> <a href="https://liferay.design/lexicon/core-components/forms/picker-color/">Color Picker Pattern</a> for a more in-depth look at the motivations and proper usage of this component.
</div>

Color Picker is delivered in 3 different states: default colors, custom colors and native.

- **Default colors**: a predefined list of colors to the dropdown that is not allowed to change or manipulate.

> - **Custom colors**: using the [`colors`](#api-colors) API in conjunction with [`onColorsChange`](#api-onColorsChange) to enable the user to be able to change colors and add new ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Custom colors**: using the [`colors`](#api-colors) API in conjunction with [`onColorsChange`](#api-onColorsChange) enables the user to modify colors and add new ones.
```

> - **Native**: use the [`useNative`](#api-useNative) API for when the color picker is being used in a native environment, it changes to the browser default color picker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Native**: use the [`useNative`](#api-useNative) API when the color picker is being used in a native environment, it changes to the browser default color picker.
```
